docs: Refresh payment network explanations (#194)
RequestNetwork/requestNetwork: packages/docs/docs/guides/5-request-client/1-payment-networks.md

### Reference based

For these payment networks, a request contains one payment address. This address doesn't have to be exclusive to the request.
The balance is computed by reading transfers to the payment address containing a specific payment reference, defined by the request ID and payment address.

For ETH, we can tag and detect the payment reference directly in the transaction, using the `input data` field of the transaction.

When we cannot use `input data` or equivalent, typically for ERC20, we use a *proxy smart contract* to document the payment reference.
The smart contract forwards a currency transfer and stores a reference.

If you need the proxy smart contract addresses, we list the most relevant ones below, together with Github links to find more details and up-to-date information.

[Proxy smart contracts for ERC20](https://github.com/RequestNetwork/requestNetwork/blob/master/packages/smart-contracts/artifacts/ERC20Proxy/artifacts.json):
```json
"mainnet": {
	"address": "0x5f821c20947ff9be22e823edc5b3c709b33121b3",
},
"rinkeby": {
	"address": "0x162edb802fae75b9ee4288345735008ba51a4ec9",
}
```

> [Proxy smart contracts for ETH](https://github.com/RequestNetwork/requestNetwork/blob/master/packages/smart-contracts/artifacts/EthereumProxy/artifacts.json):

Reviewer: this could use some more information, as it is explained right above that ETH can use the input data. @vrolland , did we do this to enable multisig? I don't remember...

Author: Yes, I wondered the same. I guess there can be a use... Maybe just
```suggestion
[Proxy smart contracts for ETH when input data cannot be used](https://github.com/RequestNetwork/requestNetwork/blob/master/packages/smart-contracts/artifacts/EthereumProxy/artifacts.json):
```

Reviewer 2: Yep, it is to pay from a smart-contract. with only the input data it is very tricky to detect the payment as it is in an internal transaction.

### ERC20

> Request is compatible with every ERC20 currency, but some of them have to be detailed manually. We use the package `eth-contract-metadata` to automatically fetch smart contracts and currency code of main currencies, whose the list is maintained by Metamask.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Request is compatible with every ERC20 currency, but some of them have to be detailed manually. We use Metamask's package [`eth-contract-metadata`](https://github.com/MetaMask/eth-contract-metadata) to automatically fetch smart contracts and currency codes of main currencies.
```

> Adding an additional ERC20 currency is very easy:

Reviewer 2: Should we add first an example with an ERC20 from the list we already know ?

Reviewer 3: I agree, we should show the easy use-case before showing the hard one.

Reviewer 3: An example:
```typescript
const request = await requestNetwork.createRequest({
  paymentNetwork,
  requestInfo: {
    currency: 'DAI',
    expectedAmount: '1000000000000000000',
    payee: payeeIdentity,
    payer: payerIdentity,
  },
  signer: payeeIdentity,
});
```
